---
title: Social Meetup - 2023/03/15
date: 2023-03-15
---

> ~~This month Ahmed Magdi will give us on overview of how to validate business ideas by using lean experiments!~~
> ~~This talk isn't strictly related to the Go programming language so all are welcome to attend.~~

Due to unforeseen circumstances, our speaker is not able to attend this month's event.

Instead, we'll be bringing board games and having a social meetup. This will be a good opportunity to meet new people and network with the community.

Pizza will be provided by our sponsors! ðŸ•

If you're planning to attend, please sign up using [this link](https://tally.so/r/nG6LOZ). It's important that we order enough pizza for everyone.

## About the sponsors

> **DeepGrey** is a trusted technical partner that helps businesses of all sizes improve their digital products through expert software and product design consultancy services. Our team of experienced professionals work closely with our clients to craft digital experiences that meet their unique needs and exceed their expectations. With deep expertise in design, craftsmanship, and quality code, we specialize in providing customized solutions that solve complex challenges. Whether you're looking to build a new product or enhance an existing one, DeepGrey is here to help you achieve your goals.

### Schedule

- 6:45pm :: Doors open, introductions
- 7:00pm :: Social meetup
- 8:00pm :: Finish

### Location

This event will be hosted at **Al Rud'ha MQ**:

<iframe src="https://www.google.com/maps/embed?pb=!1m14!1m8!1m3!1d14625.339956597429!2d58.4519013!3d23.5923161!3m2!1i1024!2i768!4f13.1!3m3!1m2!1s0x0%3A0x48fc3e1f2086c297!2sAl%20Rud&#39;ha%20MQ!5e0!3m2!1sen!2som!4v1647788219219!5m2!1sen!2som" width="600" height="450" style="border:0;" allowfullscreen="" loading="lazy"></iframe>
